Remove mention of corporate sponsors (#562)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/acknowledgments/sponsors.md

# Sponsors

The following companies have contributed to make this effort possible:

* [Cachix](https://cachix.org) - binary cache hosting
* [Tweag](https://tweag.io)

> You can support the Nix documentation project via our
> [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/nixos/projects/documentation-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can support the Nix documentation project via [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/nixos/projects/documentation-project).
```
